Add information about installing different preset using NPM (#280)
ckeditor/ckeditor4-docs: docs/guide/dev/package_managers/README.md

	npm install ckeditor4

> The above command will install `standard-all` preset of the CKEditor. It's also possible to install different preset using repository `ckeditor/ckeditor4-releases#<BRANCH_NAME>` dependency instead of NPM package where `<BRANCH_NAME>` points into correct [CKEditor4 Release branch](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4-releases/branches) name, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command will install the `standard-all` preset of CKEditor 4. It is also possible to install a different preset using the `ckeditor/ckeditor4-releases#<BRANCH_NAME>` repository dependency instead of the npm package. The `<BRANCH_NAME>` should then point to the correct [CKEditor4 Release branch](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4-releases/branches) name, e.g.
```
